Add introduction for bdk-cli (#85)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/bdk-cli/introduction.md

# Introduction

> [`bdk-cli`](https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk-cli) is a light weight [`repl`](https://codewith.mu/en/tutorials/1.0/repl) wrapper over `bdk` that comes as a command line application. It is useful for quick testing and prototyping of bdk functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`bdk-cli`](https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk-cli) is a lightweight [`repl`](https://codewith.mu/en/tutorials/1.0/repl) wrapper over `bdk` that comes as a command-line application. It is useful for quick testing and prototyping of bdk functionalities.
```

> This can also be used as a example application to create your own command line bitcoin wallet tool using bdk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can also be used as an example application to create your own command-line bitcoin wallet tool using bdk.
```

`bdk-cli` can interface with all the blockchain backends currently supported by `bdk`, like `rpc`, `electrum`, `esplora` and `compact_filters`.

> `bdk-cli` comes with `regtest-*` features that can automatically deploy a regtest backend with a connected `bdk` wallet in background. This can be useful If you don't want to setup your own regtest node or try out quick tests, especially in `repl` mode.

Reviewer 2: @rajarshimaitra can we comment out this for now? We can add it back in once the regtest integration is released.

Author: Makes sense.. Done..

> `bdk-cli` comes with `regtest-*` features that can automatically deploy a regtest backend with a connected `bdk` wallet in background. This can be useful If you don't wanna setup your own regtest node or to try out testing quickly, especially in `repl` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bdk-cli` comes with `regtest-*` features that can automatically deploy a regtest backend with a connected `bdk` wallet in the background. This can be useful If you don't want to set up your own regtest node or try out testing quickly, especially in `repl` mode.
```

Check out [project documentation](https://docs.rs/bdk-cli/0.3.0/bdk_cli/) for more details.

> The next sections goes into more details on the installation and usage of `bdk-cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next section goes into more details on the installation and usage of `bdk-cli`.
```

Author: I think its ok to call it `sections` as its not just the next one, but all of them? The next one is just for installation.

Reviewer: Ok how about `the following sections go into more detail...`?

Author: Yup sounds better..

> The next sections goes into more details of installation and usage of `bdk-cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next section goes into more details on the installation and usage of `bdk-cli`.
```
